Don't initialize SyncManager when importing Realm (#2222)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* <How to hit and notice issue? what was the impact?> ([#????](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/????), since v?.?.?)

> * Realm initialized the filesystem when being imported instead of waiting for the first Realm to be opened. (Issue [#2218] (https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2218), since 2.22.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Realm initialized the filesystem when being imported instead of waiting for the first Realm to be opened. ([#2218] (https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2218), since v2.22.0).
```
